Assignment 5 readme File

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What is your name?
Calvin Nguyen


------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What is your name?
Alex Eng


------------------------------------------------------------------------
How many late days are you using on this assignment?

0

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What authorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? COPY THE LIST of authorized sources of
information given in the "Policies" web page to this section of the
readme file, and edit it as appropriate.



------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What authorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? COPY THE LIST of authorized sources of
information given in the "Policies" web page to this section of the
readme file, and edit it as appropriate.

Course instructors, lab TAs in the lab, course texts and handouts.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What unauthorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? List any unauthorized sources of information
that you used to complete the assignment, and describe how you used
them. The course "Policies" web page defines unauthorized sources of
information, and any source that you have used but not listed in the
authorized sources should be included here. Please note that using an
unauthorized source may trigger a course penalty, and depending on the
nature of the interaction, may additionally require the interaction
being reported to the Committee on Discipline. Write "None" if you used
no unauthorized sources of information.



------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What unauthorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? List any unauthorized sources of information
that you used to complete the assignment, and describe how you used
them. The course "Policies" web page defines unauthorized sources of
information, and any source that you have used but not listed in the
authorized sources should be included here. Please note that using an
unauthorized source may trigger a course penalty, and depending on the
nature of the interaction, may additionally require the interaction
being reported to the Committee on Discipline. Write "None" if you used
no unauthorized sources of information.

None

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What is your assessment of the assignment? Was it helpful?
Was it fun?



------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What is your assessment of the assignment? Was it helpful?
Was it fun?



------------------------------------------------------------------------
(optional) What information can you provide about your submission that
will help your grader to grade it in the most favorable light? In
particular, what bugs are in your submission?



------------------------------------------------------------------------
What is your mywc program test plan?

Below are the descriptions of our mywc test files (tests are listed in 
order of complexity):

Boundary tests:

mywcEmpty.txt: A completely empty txt file. This tests the boundary 
condition of 0 characters, 0 words, and 0 lines in a file.

mywc1space.txt: A txt file containing only a single space. This tests 
the boundary condition of 1 character (a space), 0 words, and 0 lines 
in a file.

mywc1char.txt: A txt file containing only a single, non-whitespace 
character. This tests the boundary condition of 1 character, 1 word, 
and 0 lines in a file.

mywc1newline.txt: A txt file containing only a single newline character.
This tests the boundary condition of 1 character (a newline), 0 words, 
and 1 line in a file.

mywc1word.txt: A txt file containing only 2 non-whitespace characters. 
This tests the boundary condition of 2 characters, 1 word, and 0 lines 
in a file.

mywc1space1newline.txt: A txt file containing a single space followed by
a newline character. This tests the boundary condition of 2 characters 
(a space and a newline), 0 words, and 1 line in a file.

mywc1char1newline.txt: A txt file containing a single non-whitespace
character followed by a newline character. This tests the boundary 
condition of 2 characters (a non-whitespace and newline character), 1 
word, and 1 line in a file.

mywc1char1space.txt: A txt file containing a single non-whitespace
character followed by a space. This tests the boundary condition of 2 
characters (a non-whitespace character and a space), 1 word, and 0 
lines in a file.

mywc1word1newline.txt: A txt file containing 2 non-whitespace characters 
followed by a newline character. This tests the boundary condition of 3 
characters (2 non-whitespace and a newline character), 1 word, and 1 
line in a file.

mywc1word1space.txt: A txt file containing 2 non-whitespace characters 
followed by a space. This tests the boundary condition of 3 characters 
(2 non-whitespace characters and a space), 1 word, and 0 lines in a 
file.

mywc1newline1space1char.txt: A txt file containing a single newline, 
followed by a space, followed by a non-whitespace character. This 
tests the boundary condition of 3 characters (a newline, a space, 
and a non-whitespace character), 1 word, and 1 line in a file.

mywc1space1word1newline.txt: A txt file containing a space, followed 
by 2 non-whitespace characters, followed by a newline. This tests the 
boundary condition of 4 characters (a space, 2 non-whitespace, and a 
newline character), 1 word, and 1 line in a file.

Statement tests:

mywcifspace.txt: This file contains 10 consecutive spaces (0 lines, 0 
words, 10 characters), and so causes the computer to execute lines 6, 
7, 12, 16-20, 28-36, 48, 52, 55, and 56 of the given mywc.c.

mywcifchar.txt: This file contains 10 consecutive non-whitespace 
characters (0 lines, 1 word, 10 characters), and so causes the computer
to execute lines 6, 7, 12, 16-20, 28-34, 42-48, and 52-56 of the given 
mywc.c.

mywcifnewline.txt: This file contains 10 consecutive newline characters 
(10 lines, 0 words, 10 characters), and so causes the computer
to execute lines 6, 7, 12, 16-20, 28-36, 48-52, 55, and 56 of the given 
mywc.c.

mywcifspaceifchar.txt: This file contains alternating groups of spaces 
and non-whitespace characters (0 lines, 4 words, 10 characters), and 
so causes the computer to execute lines 6, 7, 12, 16-20, 28-48, and 
52-56 of the given mywc.c.

mywcifspaceifnewline.txt: This file contains alternating groups of 
spaces and newline characters (10 lines, 0 words, 65 characters), and so 
causes the computer to execute lines 6, 7, 12, 16-20, 28-36, 48-52, 55, 
and 56 of the given mywc.c.

mywcifcharifnewline.txt: This file contains alternating non-whitespace 
characters and newline characters (10 lines, 10 words, 20 characters), 
and so causes the computer to execute lines 6, 7, 12, 16-20, and 28-56 
of the given mywc.c.

mywcifall1line.txt: This file contains spaces, non-whitespace 
characters, and 1 newline character, and so causes the computer to 
execute lines 6, 7, 12, 16-20, and 28-56 of the given mywc.c.

mywcifall2lines.txt: This file contains spaces, non-whitespace 
characters, and 2 newline characters, and so causes the computer to 
execute lines 6, 7, 12, 16-20, and 28-56 of the given mywc.c.

mywcifall5lines.txt: This file contains spaces, non-whitespace 
characters, and 5 newline characters, and so causes the computer to 
execute lines 6, 7, 12, 16-20, and 28-56 of the given mywc.c.

mywcifall10lines.txt: This file contains spaces, non-whitespace 
characters, and 10 newline characters, and so causes the computer to 
execute lines 6, 7, 12, 16-20, and 28-56 of the given mywc.c.

mywcifall20lines.txt: This file contains spaces, non-whitespace 
characters, and 20 newline characters, and so causes the computer to 
execute lines 6, 7, 12, 16-20, and 28-56 of the given mywc.c.

Stress tests:

mywcMax.txt: A txt file containing a long, randomized sequence of 
characters (including spaces, newlines, and non-whitespace characters) 
(752 lines, 1228 words, 25000 characters).

------------------------------------------------------------------------
What are the CPU times consumed by the programs from Parts 2a, 2b, 2d,
2e, and 2f to compute fib(250000) on armlab? Fill in the blanks.

Part 2a:  11.98  seconds

Part 2b:  2.98 seconds

Part 2d:  10.57  seconds

Part 2e:  3.26 seconds

Part 2f:  _____ seconds




